AutoSizeInput: Move to @grafana/ui (#48811)
grafana/grafana: packages/grafana-ui/src/components/AutoSizeInput/AutoSizeInput.mdx

import { Props, Preview } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { AutoSizeInput } from './AutoSizeInput';
import { Field } from '../Forms/Field';
import { Icon } from '../Icon/Icon';

# AutoSizeInput

You can use it or regular text input. When used, AutoSizeInput resizes itself to the current content. For an array of data or tree-structured data, consider using `Select` or `Cascader` respectively.

## Prefix and suffix

To add more context to the input, you can add either text or an icon before or after the input using the `prefix` and `suffix`. Here are some examples for you to try in the canvas!

```jsx
<AutoSizeInput prefix={<Icon name="search" />} />
```

<Preview>
  <AutoSizeInput prefix={<Icon name="search" />} />
</Preview>

## Usage in forms with Field

> `Use `AutoSizeInput`with the`Field`component to get labels and descriptions. Also, you can use`AutoSizeInput`with the`required`attribute for validation. See the`Field` component for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `AutoSizeInput`with the`Field`component to get labels and descriptions. Also, you can use`AutoSizeInput`with the`required`attribute for validation. See the`Field` component for more information.
```

```jsx

> <Field label="Important information" description="This information is very important, so you really need to fill it in">
>   <AutoSizeInput name="importantInput" required />
> </Field>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Field label="Required information" description="This information is required, please enter the information.">
		 <AutoSizeInput name="importantInput" required />
		</Field>
```
```

<Preview>
  <Field

>     label="Important information"
>     description="This information is very important, so you really need to fill it in"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label="Important information!"
    description="Please enter the relevant information."
```
